Impossible, this is also a collection of our five
Apollo statue made of the power of the gods
Even Donghuangzhong can't stop us
It was actually drowned by a drop of water
Who the hell are you?
Jade Emperor Daojun
Shen Rong's Daoist army has come out of the mountain
We are saved
The cavalry wall is saved
Hurry up and enter the island army
I'm fine, guys
We are not dead
Meet the Taoist army
You are the Jade Emperor Taoist Lord
be careful
It is rumored that the Jade Emperor Taoist Lord Gaoju Da Luo Tianzuo
I Sword Qi Great Wall
Kill the gods and demons
This is actually true
Run away from me if you let a few ants escape
Then why not let the three worlds laugh
Except for my Tibetan army expelled from health
Good luck, I was woken up by you guys
Tell me, how long did I sleep this time?
Outside year
Here for a hundred years
Lord Dao has rested here for 500 years
That is, five years on earth
Five years ago, if my cousin hadn't saved this work
It's impossible to have what you are doing now
Now soaring in season
It's time to get out of customs, but this kindness
Since it is zero void
After seeing that the Taoist army is only one step away from ascending
Mangkhut
Qin Fenglie, the elder of the War God Temple, has been kneeling for 7 days
I just want to see you
Let him kneel
Now this world of mangosteen
It's not something anyone can see if they want to
Grandpa
Grandpa, you have been kneeling here for 7 days
You are the elder of the Temple of War
Even if injured
What kind of god can't be invited?
You don't have to rely on this difficult shopkeeper.
Shut up, I'm awesome
But in front of Shanzu, I'm not even an ant
Even if it is made by Rontuchin
You must also kneel on the handrail in front of the mountain slave
Who are you?
Ning Rao, some of the Taoisms I casually pointed out 5 years ago
He actually became a fairy figure respected by everyone in the world
Interesting
I just don't know what was handed to him five years ago
How's it going?
Go away
Don't miss my master
The big thing of Ye Qiuxian is determined to spare the master's return
See you soon